Work Term Report Guidelines for MarkersRequirements* Python installed* Text editor* Adobe Acrobat ReaderProcedureLead Marker1. Duplicate and rename 'report-grading-template' folder to ‘report-grading-serpt-<course number>’	Example: ‘report-grading-serpt-200’2. Download all reports for the course from Learn as a zip file: Under ‘Assessments->Dropbox->Submissions’, select the top checkbox and click ‘Download’. Save file in directory created in Step 1.3. Run python script ‘setup.py’ on downloaded zip file. This will create two new directories: ‘reports_original’ and ‘reports_workspace’. The folder ‘reports_original’ contains the unaltered downloaded reports, including any duplicate submissions. The folder ‘reports_workspace’ contains a folder for each student that contains the most recent report submitted along with all grading documents.4. Lead marker should bundle these folders and sent to assigned markers. Bundles should be sent using ‘sendit.uwaterloo.ca’ to maintain confidentiality.Individual Markers1. Unzip bundle sent from Lead Marker. This will create a set of folders – one for each report. Each folder’s name is of the form shown below (do not modify this name): [Learn-generated-number] – [Student Name] – [Student ID]2. Within each folder are the following files:a. Pdf file – this is the student’s report to be marked. Comments are made directly to this file using Adobe Acrobat Readerb. format.mks – text file used for the evaluation of General Formattingc. eval.mks – text file used for the evaluation of Technical Communication and Technical Contentd. finalize.py – Python script to convert ‘eval.mks’ and ‘format.mks’ into a human-readable feedback pdf, and then combine this with the commented pdf to produce a compressed feedback file for the studente. feedback – folder containing LaTex files used by the python scriptsi. Do Not Modify This Folder!3. Grade the report according to the criteria listed in the ‘sample_feedback.pdf’ file:a. Provide feedback comments to the student within the pdf file as appropriateb. Edit the ‘format.mks’ file as appropriate. Each checkmark under General Formatting corresponds to the line number of the text file. A ‘t’ indicates the condition is satisfied (i.e., box is given a checkmark) and an ‘f’ indicates the condition is not satisfied (i.e., box is given an ‘x’)c. Edit the ‘eval.mks’ file as appropriate. The first few letters of each line in ‘eval.mks’ corresponds to a subsection of the feedback file (e.g., ‘grm’ == ‘Grammar’, ‘str’ == ‘Structure’, etc.). Edit the portion after the colon as appropriate (some questions are yes/no, while others require more explanation). Final grades are to be assigned from the list provided in the Appendix (use a descriptive grade, like ‘Excellent’ or ‘Satisfactory’; not ‘95’ or ‘65’).4. From a terminal, run ‘python finalize.py’ and check that the script completes successfully. A new ‘evaluation’ folder should be created, containing the commented pdf report file and a new ‘feedback.pdf’ file containing the results of ‘format.mks’ and ‘eval.mks’ in human-readable form.a. Note: Comments in ‘eval.mks’ should not contain colons – these are used by the script for parsing the text file.b. Note: Nothing to the left of, and including, the colons in ‘eval.mks’ should be modified.5. When all reports are graded, and python scripts run for each, combine all folders back into one compressed folder and return to Lead Marker through ‘sendit.uwaterloo.ca’Lead Marker1. When all reports are marked and returned to Lead Marker, grades can be submitted to Learn and each student’s feedback file can be uploaded to the student’s submission under ‘Assessments->Dropbox->Submissions. Students given a grade of ‘Resubmit’ have until the day before the start of the term’s final exams to resubmit the report.2. The Lead Marker will provide to the Software Engineering Office a count of how many reports were graded by each marker. Each marker should be instructed to contact the office to confirm their payroll information is up-to-date.
3. Resubmitted reports are sent out to original markers for re-evaluation. Markers are not payed twice for resubmit reports. Grades for resubmitted reports should be reduced by one grade level (i.e., if a resubmitted report is evaluated as 'Very Good', it should be assigned a 'Satisfactory' to account for the "second chance" that other students did not get). If reducing the grade level would result in a 'Resubmit' or 'Unacceptable', then a grade of 'Satisfactory' is assigned.
AppendixOfficial Work Term Report GuidelinesA detailed explanation of the work term report guidelines can be found at the following link:https://uwaterloo.ca/software-engineering/current-undergraduate-students/policies-procedures-guidelines/work-term-report-guidelinesWork Report CoordinatorsA listing of the Software Engineering Coordinators can be found at the following link:https://uwaterloo.ca/software-engineering/current-undergraduate-students/academic-supportWork Report GradingConverting descriptive grades to numeric gradesOutstanding	95Excellent	89Very Good	75Satisfactory	65Unacceptable	38Special CasesResubmit* Paper is not ‘Satisfactory’ but can be made so within a short period of time.* Students will have until the day before the start of that term’s final exams to resubmit the report.	- In cases where this deadline would provide the student with less than 2 weeks to make changes, the deadline may be extended at the discretion of the Work Term Report Coordinator.IncompleteIn rare cases where a paper cannot be resubmitted until the following semester, a grade of ‘incomplete’ may be assigned at the discretion of the Work Term Report Coordinator.Confidential ReportsAll efforts should be taken to ensure the work term reports do not contain any confidential information. In cases where this is not possible, arrangements can be made with the Work Term Report Coordinator to have the report graded by the employer (the marker must be a licensed professional engineer).